reorganize readme (#232)
flatironinstitute/stan-playground: docs/url_parameters.md

# URL Parameters

> In addition to the built-in sharing feature which integrates with [Github Gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists), you can also manually prepare links which will pre-populate each portion of Stan Playground when clicked by using [URL Parameters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#parameters).

Reviewer: Given that they're already in the URL Parameters section, we can probably trim this.

> In addition to the built-in sharing feature which integrates with [Github Gists](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/editing-and-sharing-content-with-gists), you can also manually prepare links which will pre-populate each portion of Stan Playground when clicked by using [URL Parameters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stan Playground supports the following [URL Parameters](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Web_mechanics/What_is_a_URL#parameters) in many combinations.
```
